[Music]
ever feel like you're waiting for
something to happen it pains me to see
you embarrass your father but you don't
know what it is
you're in or you're out
that thing that could is your life
special
you're in
or you're out
Tirion
or your app how can I tell you if I'm in
our amount without you telling you the
first thing about what am I being around
this would be something dangerous and
very exciting this library is home to
the most valuable book in the United
States twelve million dollars you really
need to see how easy this is gonna be oh
you know this from all your previous ice
[Music]
can I just say how dumb this entire
thing is how do you know no one's gonna
get hurt I don't want you waking up
years from now wondering why could it
happen and who you could have been are
you sure you're okay
oh my life this isn't some game
[Music]
keep please in a touch tomorrow
let's do this
[Music]